# Diary Entry Week 9

| Coach Name |
| ---------- |
| Inesh Bose |

| Coach Matriculation Number |
| -------------------------- |
| 2504266B                   |

| Team Label |
| ---------- |
| CS20       |

## Attendance Monitoring

Record the matriculation numbers (7 digits) of the team members who participated in the meeting with you.  Do **not** record a matriculation number if a student does not attend.

| Meeting Attendee Matriculation Numbers |
| -------------------------------------- |
| 2468915                                |
| 2458150                                |
| 2572194                                |
| 2402884                                |
|                                        |
|                                        |

## Diary Entry

<!-- Diary entries are marked on a pass/fail basis and are intended to help you build evidence for designing your PIA. If you make a reasonable attempt at the diary each week then you will receive the full mark for the diary. Use the diary to record your observations about the Level 3 Team Projects. Each diary entry should describe issues that you were asked to help with during the laboratory by your project team and the advice you gave to resolve the problem. Consider how the evidence from the diary entry might inform the design of your PIA, as well as any recommendations for changing the delivery of the course in light of the issue raised. -->

This week was busy for me, and honestly forgot about the scheduled meet with the team, until I was "requested to join" the call by the team who had already gathered online; I had to quickly switch my zone from my other projects/courseworks to the team's progress. It has now been an established protocol in these meets to discuss what each member accomplished over the week and what they plan on doing the week after.

Each member was working on something very unique, complicated and important. They were committing onto different branches, and each branch was reviewed. Firstly, some feedback was given that was expected to be taken down as issues; for example the application's dependencies not on the repository (as a `requirements.txt` or `Pipfile`), and the directory organisation being confusing. The team wanted to confirm about setting up issue templates, and then pointed them to the right direction with the `.gitlab` folder. The branches also raised concerns about changes which was discussed in detail. Most branches at the moment were feature branches, so it is not critical to keep changes now, however it is good practice to keep pulling from the default branch (`master`/`main`), so that conflicts don't come up at one point (there were branches that were 14(+13 after a new merge) commits behind `master`). Eventually, when the branch needs to be merged to the default branch, the change should be of decent sized so it can be reviewed. This is important right now for the team since everyone was working on different parts, but everyone should be on the same page and not specialise in one department. The team was also explained the convention of using a `develop` branch for staging, and then using `master` for production - it seems they will adopt this as well.

Now that the team is expected to have a customer meet next week, I asked them about their plan and presentation. They did not receive their marks from the previous customer meet hoping that they would be able to review and improve, but they scheduled an internal meeting for Monday to finalise their presentation.
